Add Trino integration (#1303)
DataDog/integrations-extras: trino/README.md

# Agent Check: Trino

## Overview

> This check monitors [trino][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check monitors [Trino][1].
```
While the official Trino logo is stylized with lower case, their webpage uses upper case for most instances of Trino.

> This check collects [Trino][1] metrics, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check collects [Trino][1] metrics, such as the following examples:
```

## Setup

### Installation

> The trino check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trino check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
```

No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `trino.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your
>    Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your trino performance data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `trino.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Trino performance data.
```

1. Edit the `trino.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your

>    Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Trino performance data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Agent's configuration directory, to start collecting your Trino performance data.
```

   You can specify the metrics you are interested in by editing the [configuration][3].

>    To learn how to customize the metrics to collect visit the [JMX Checks documentation][5] for more detailed instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To learn how to customize the metrics to collect, read [JMX Checks][5].
```

   If you need to monitor more metrics, contact [Datadog support][6].

2. [Restart the Agent][7]

### Validation

> [Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][4] and look for `trino` under the Checks section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][4] and look for Trino under the Checks section.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> trino does not include any metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trino does not include any metrics.
```

### Events

> The trino integration does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trino integration does not include any events.
```

> Trino does not include any metrics.

Reviewer 2: Can you update this section to link to the `metadata.csv` since it does collect metrics?

### Service Checks

> The trino integration does not include any service checks.
> 
> See [service_checks.json][8] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trino integration does not include any service checks.
```

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][6].

> [1]: **LINK_TO_INTEGERATION_SITE**

Reviewer: Please fix this. Do you need help finding a link? Why not link to trino.io?

[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/jmx/datadog_checks/jmx/data/conf.yaml.example
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/java/
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent

> [8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/jmx/assets/service_checks.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Agent Check: Trino

## Overview

This check collects [Trino][1] metrics, such as the following examples:

- Overall activity metrics: completed/failed queries, data input/output size, execution time.
- Performance metrics: cluster memory, input CPU, execution CPU time.

## Setup

### Installation

The Trino check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.

> No additional installation is needed on your server.

Reviewer 3: Integrations in `integrations-extras` are not installed with the agent. Customers will manually need to download the Trino check. See https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/fluentbit#installation-1 for another extras-based check's installation instructions,

Author: Done!

# Agent Check: Trino

## Overview

This check collects [Trino][1] metrics, such as the following examples:

- Overall activity metrics: completed/failed queries, data input/output size, execution time.
- Performance metrics: cluster memory, input CPU, execution CPU time.

## Setup

### Installation

> For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Trino check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][2] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

Author: No, I just follow the suggestion from this comment https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/1303#discussion_r886122264 and followed the Fluentbit readme as example. 

How I should write the installation instructions?
